hey whats up youtube HBIC a mexican
score 666 yeah my mother start being the
front room do something a little
different this is a video respond to VCT
are fast they made about a week ago I
surprised I didn't see this video my
newsfeed I saw those other videos i just
couldnt probably can catch this one but
uh this is a video talking about the
difference in Yukio player terms of what
do you do you know it different like
what do you do what are you where do you
live what do you want to do and how long
even playing a game and stuff like that
how old you are stuff like that so I'm
gonna give you a little bio here we go
I'm 26 years old now playing this game
in playing this game since the beginning
even though I don't look 26 believe it
or not people like damn I thought you
were like only 20 it's like I think
that's a compliment I'm 26 I don't age
like I said been playing this game since
the very beginning but before I've been
playing yugioh I was playing pokemon TCG
and like around the fossil set I stopped
playing phase to go to talk I used to go
towards the russet play um Pokemon there
I'll see you play yugioh dad like the
little yugioh league and stuff or you
might get like points and cards and
badges and stuff and that's the end of
that and then I went to a card store but
some people used to go to then they
stopped finally stopped having locals
there was card shop in naperville
illinois called galaxy store and now so
they don't have like sanctioned
tournaments or no more since they
complete my stuff I now play at when I
feel like wanna local something fun time
now lately I don't feel like playing you
yield that much anymore I go to local
call top cut comics and mindful oh no I
sometimes go there I'll see what other
things can I tell you about myself
there's probably different from other
people I'm only child I work at costco
part time I go to school part-time take
online classes
majoring in like computers and
psychology I have friends of all ages to
play this game I had friends like little
babies like in 1617 I got people i know
the play this game is in their 30 s
going on there for displaying his
children per game this game brings
people together um let's see I don't
collect cards like I used to like how it
collects that's an honest that I used to
do that then it's like I started to like
monies and start liking electronics like
the camera you see died on the iPad
that's like right over there my anime
collection which is over here I have to
show it off real quick see turn this
anime collection this is not even all
with most of it's in storage some of its
and my mom's run some of its in my room
this spike that's just like some anime
and stuff like I have like I can his
name off some
like let's see we have our you hakusho
we have our project arms gungrave
gravitation all my goddesses double the
devil's lady Helsing initial d and they
call it zankye ping g10 yo most of stuff
over here in my anime does buy stuff
like Highlander The Matrix movie bucket
the Vampire Slayer star gay angel X
trauma de hércules amico mirage of blaze
more stargate cardcaptor sakura the
movie spider-man movies one blade some
of the anime the prince of tennis corona
Kenshin 9 hunter seasons 1 and then a
new version is fine too Spyro days day
night es otherwise saiyuki samurai
deeper kyo yes otherwise the real bout
high school peacekeepers guide
transformers cybertron bleach volumes
narco vol.tbd box sets samurai Gunn the
avatar samurai 780 police brainpower
full metal panic shadow skill Tokyo
underground the sentence of darkness
that's just name a few my animes and
stuff like that yes I'm in my pajamas
so that gives you a little bit a little
bit of me how I'm different from other
people and like other people yes I still
live at home but that does not matter
have to leave anytime I want but
everybody knows I helped my mom and my
granddad out like families is like
really important to me and this game
believe it or not I am a loner I may be
the nicest person world but I am the
ultimate loner like I said I don't go
out and play you yield 24 7 halftime I
like to stay at home miss Buckman like
that some love a little kid I'm a loner
I don't like to depend on nobody on a
person I depend on his myself I why I'm
alone right in much time people who know
me in this game for real would tell you
that the truth nicest person world but I
am a loner because they don't see me
that often but uh I'm people I'm going
to tag in this is a swerve night pull
the tag by people so squirt night I'll
keep doing with the night names cyber
night 8610 um Asian eyes white dragon
promised bank I can't think of nobody
else let me think I'll go to my phone
and check some people the likely i
already got tagged I'm just looking my
subscription box and I pick two more
people
crow cresta and i will pick my final
person just be good person okay
the one anti-heroes channel I'll tag
them see you tonight accident evil just
evil black evil ninja and mega capital G
there I picked some people I tags all
those people all those links in
description below I catch you guys later
goodbye my name is the HBIC Mexicans
4666 of all entertainment smexy vexy
like all spent on signing out and you
get a new fan this bitch it can't
control it Dark Phoenix rises flame I'll
destroy home runs so a chance you got